feature virtual training series (#50)
dtcenter/METplus-Training: docs/modules/Tutorial/index.rst

==================================
Virtual and Online Tutorial Topics
==================================

The following topics are provide in support of the `METplus Online Tutorial <http://dtcenter.org/community-code/metplus/online-tutorial>`_.

***********************
Virtual Training Series
***********************

> Recording and presentation provided during the 2021-2022 METplus Training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recordings and presentations provided during the 2021-2022 METplus Training
```

Series may be found on the
`Training Series Agenda <https://dtcenter.org/events/2021/metplus-training-series/agenda>`_.

> The training series leverages the METplus Online Tutorial for the hands-on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The training series leverages the [METplus Online Tutorial](https://dtcenter.org/metplus-practical-session-guide-version-4-0/session-1-metplus-setupgrid-grid) for the hands-on
```
